i was going to tell you not to go but i hear from gordon that you have
already gone he said that you mentioned something about a german buying
a ticket on a short solent and before he had finished speaking you were
out in the harbour booking passage for the canaries i am guessing from
the intel in the attached that you will end up in bombay so i am sending
a copy of this to the canaries and one to the us naval attache in bombay

i got a pretty frantic telegram from kholi he has got close to certain
members of the head of the cult and is in contact with the nazi
sympathisers so far he knows that the nazis are building an advanced
technological device which will use the two diamonds but no one seems
to know what it does i'm more than a little worried about this new
technology as it's beginning to sound to me like something i saw in
blueprints back in the us and it looked far too powerful to be just a
new type of flashlight

i was heading out to india myself in a few days kholi needs someone to
watch his back though it appears from the message we intercepted below
that we may be too late i have other agents combing uttar pradesh but
no news yet whatever happens stay safe

by the way the attached german cipher was extra hard to crack in more
ways than one it took me a while to figure it out but then i remembered
something i discussed with jack wolfe a professor from brooklyn the
nazis used to pad a lot of their messages with the letter x to hide
the frequencies they got sloppy after a while and used them pretty
systematically before and after all numbers proper names place names
sentences within abbreviations once i figured out that was there it
was pretty easy to strip it out and crack the cipher

good luck charlie be careful

harry
