harry

you'll already have heard that the nazi base blew up the news spread
like wildfire and i'm pretty sure you and your contacts in the cult
must have had something to do with that

in any case the fuss over the damage to local farms was enough for
kholi to smuggle us across the northern frontier unnoticed there was a
slight hitch though the fuses you provided were duds we were double-
crossed by your source whoever that was but it didn't matter kholi and
i persuaded salinen to pretend to cooperate with the nazi sympathisers
in order to get access to a lab and we improvised some of our own brand
of detonators we planted the barrels in the valve rooms controlling the
flow through the dam and blew just enough to take out the labs we had
originally hoped to retrieve the stolen american lab notes but the
damage was so severe we have no way of telling whether the papers were
removed from the labs beforehand or not any way kholi is confident that
no one would have anticipated the need to store them elsewhere and i'm
happy to trust his judgment for now but if you ever find anything

there is only one problem remaining we took out a nazi courier on the
way back and intercepted the enclosed communique i have no idea what it
says it seems to be encrypted using a stream cipher he was carrying a
deck of cards wrapped in a scrap of paper with some words on it so i
figure it is encrypted using the solitaire cipher like the one die
alchemisten used back in the war aggie told me about that if i am right
then the order of the deck gives the key but unfortunately the cards and
the paper got a bit charred during the encounter don't ask and i only
managed to read the top half of the deck i laid them out and took a
picture and have attached it in the envelope marked anyone for cards
it seemed fitting

we have made our way back to london and salinen is currently being
debriefed at the us embassy salinen has an idea to use x-ray machines
to try to see the print under the fire damage on the rest of the
playing cards but we can only do that a few at a time with the
facilities we have here i will send new pictures of the playing cards
as we get them

any way another great mission it will be good to get back to the kids
i promised them a turkey this christmas give me a call when you are
next around

charlie
