harry

this is where things get complicated naval intelligence have given
us a go to intercept the beacon but now they want us to capture the
weather station cipher machine as well its a fialka mark I i talked
with our marines and we figured the following plan but we need you
to make it work you are the only one on the sub who is able to
identify the fialka and we want you to board the weather station
covertly and gather all the intelligence on it that you can naval
intelligence want photos wiring diagrams and settings if you can get
them but they don't want the other side to know you've got them with
luck our marines will cut out the soviet troops and capture the
beacon as well but in any case i am told by the higher ups that the
fialka is just as important

what do you think of course the weather station is guarded but the
soviets think we are after the beacon and we can use that to our
advantage we surfaced late last night and left a raiding party
code-named wolf on the ice pack close to the expected route of the
beacon we will surface again to the south of the lomonosov weather
ship and send another raiding party code-named fox round to the north
to track them once the beacon is underway fox will act as recon and
radio the soviet route to wolf together they will launch a pincer
attack just less than midway to the edge of the ice pack the soviet
commandos are almost certain to call the weather station for backup
and this will leave it unguarded the michael will head fast and loud
in a line to intercept the soviet troops at the edge of the ice pack
in the hope of drawing the leninsky komosomov off station i can lose
them in the shallow channels to the west and we will then run quietly
back to pick you up you may need to spend a night or two on the ice
but we can give you a marine guard fox and wolf will fade to the east
and wait for a pickup with or without the beacon

we intercepted the enclosed message from soviet naval command the
cipher guys said to tell you it is an interesting twist on an old
european cipher latin five they called it
